Document configuration (#133)
ihmeuw/pseudopeople: docs/source/tutorials/configuring_noise.rst

       first_name middle_initial          last_name
    0      Regina              S                COH
    1         Pat              J              Posey
    2   Stephanie              Y             Martin
    3      Alaina              S               RESP
    4       Haley              T                GOH
    5     Katrina              V            Deltoro
    6     Gregory              D             Talley
    7   Catherine              R           Benjamin
    8      Dustin              J           Benjamin
    9        John              S              Bakal
    10  Catherine              K            Trexler
    11     Tamela              V             FEMALE
    12       Reed              J                  F
    13    William              D            Masters
    14    Michael              D      Serna Marquez
    15    Addison              I            Thomson
    16     Denise              A     Harting-Conant
    17      David              J                GOH
    18       Mary              A  LADY OD THE HOUSE
    19     Pamela              M               Reed
    20       Alex              S             Ojukwu

> 

Reviewer: I know you mentioned it was distracting to have the fake names be all caps, and I thought you had a PR to change to title case in the code, right? Note however, that in title case, for example GOH becomes Goh, which is a real last name, so it's not necessarily obvious which ones are fake... It seems like people often just ignore case when doing linkage, by converting everything to lower case, for example...

Author: Yes -- the all-caps might be fixed by the release Steve just did. Let me check.

I agree that it seems like many practitioners ignore case in doing linkage. I don't think it was a mistake for us to output sensible capitalization, though perhaps it would be good if typos etc could mess it up. If people want to ignore case, they can.

I may reword a sentence here or there to reflect that it is no longer obvious which names are fake.

As expected, we see a number of strings in the last name column that are unlikely to be true last names.
There are seven such strings, which is almost exactly 30% of our 21 respondents.

Increasing noise in first names
-------------------------------

Imagine we also want to increase the probability of a fake first name from its default of 1%.
We can do this by modifying our configuration dictionary:

.. code-block:: python

>     cps_2025 = psp.generate_current_population_survey(year=2025, config={

Reviewer: Maybe in the second example it would be good to show what it looks like if you save the config to a variable and pass that to the function?

Author: Good idea!

    9        John              S              Bakal
    10  Catherine              K            Trexler
    11     Tamela              V             Female
    12       Reed              J                  F
    13    William              D            Masters
    14    Michael              D      Serna Marquez
    15    Addison              I            Thomson
    16     Denise              A     Harting-Conant
    17      David              J                Goh
    18       Mary              A  Lady Od The House
    19     Pamela              M               Reed
    20       Alex              S             Ojukwu

As expected, we see a number of strings in the last name column that are unlikely to be true last names.
We can check exactly which ones are fake names by comparing to the same dataset without fake name noise in
the last name column.
For brevity, we do not show the steps to do this here, but
we would find that there are seven such strings, which is almost exactly 30% of our 21 respondents.

Increasing noise in first names
-------------------------------

Imagine we also want to increase the probability of a fake first name from its default of 1%.

> We can do this by using a modified configuration dictionary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can do this by modifying the configuration dictionary. This time, we'll save the configuration dictionary to a variable before using it to generate the dataset:
```
I thought an extra sentence might be helpful to avoid confusion about why the code looks different this time. Feel free to re-word if you have a better idea.
